Airshow 2012 (Sunday)
https://youtu.be/_J2Vray00UQ

XRW2016SDHI
https://youtu.be/XnS5Msf65cU

Skydive Hana Maui
https://youtu.be/U5Rf6JTK4jU

Derek Petra XRW jump
https://youtu.be/Y2c-P-doOZA

Wingsuit Skydive Hawaii 11-29 2015
https://youtu.be/1oYx5GgfblY

Skydive Hawaii Wingsuiting 10-22-15
https://youtu.be/OMm9tFStbNk

Slow Motion Exit - Kaneohe Bay Air Show 2015
https://youtu.be/gM7GO4DfhfI

5 Minutes of Wingsuit Flight in Hawaii
https://youtu.be/FvZI6jEzmwI

Logic 5AM Skydiving Video
https://youtu.be/Xg1R79llkiU

Skydive Hawaii HALO Jump; June 5th 2015
https://youtu.be/5rtGwpdYcXs

Long Spot
https://youtu.be/VVqE4mhYcJI

May 3rd Polo Jump
https://youtu.be/QFBXXqhSP7w

Wingsuiter's POV at Skydive Hawaii with Friends
https://youtu.be/J801oH7aJ60

Jumping with Jarrett
https://youtu.be/aDVofJLHmzM

Skydive Hawaii Solo FUNJUMP
https://youtu.be/4ZZzThGWQWk

Don't Pull Low -- Wingsuit Horseshoe Mal & Linetwists
https://youtu.be/Ts8srYc7Vpo

Petra XRW with Derek Dutton -- Beach Landing
https://youtu.be/GVQc12i2_X0

Safety Jumper
https://youtu.be/Na50bx4vevk

HALO Jumpmaster
https://youtu.be/Laql00LjEcU

GoPro Hero4 Black Wingsuit Jump Hawaii
https://youtu.be/M-NiEinQLpg

Skydive Hawaii -- GoPro Hero4 Black First Video
https://youtu.be/SIqNoV-dfSc

Skydive Hawaii Tracking Jump
https://youtu.be/mtXKUSeI6_Q

"2Tandems1Camera" Skydive Hawaii
https://youtu.be/GolLnyTRJoM

Skydive Hawaii USPA Safety Day 2014
https://youtu.be/pPZwVp0xSK8

Squirrel Swift Flight Hawaii 12/29/2013
https://youtu.be/eeTB1-fnyuw

JUMPMASTERS Documentary
https://youtu.be/SKV9HvaL3gw

Swooping the 4x4 with DoubleD
https://youtu.be/SLCcMMGzUd4

Skydive Hawaii
https://youtu.be/Zh4jgiBreLw

Skydive Hawaii Team Building
https://youtu.be/VgCrnBRXfU8

Gage Peregrine XRW
https://youtu.be/dPAcENXxtnw

Radioactive Skydiver
https://youtu.be/_ygDudUi834

Skydive Hawaii -- Effin Monkey Style
https://youtu.be/Cm2Fgp-HaKw

Skydive Hawaii Wingsuit Life Uncut
https://youtu.be/nz_xplJmw2s

Wingsuit -- Tandem Fly By
https://youtu.be/dtS_kFui1OI

Skydive Hawaii Early Morning Load
https://youtu.be/UbW5xS4Xyak

Beach Landing -- Last Load
https://youtu.be/7tXohOrNvxA

Happy Thanksgiving 2012
https://youtu.be/4VnOXeabYec

Skydive Hawaii -- So You Want to be a Skydiver?
https://youtu.be/vZcExV908YU

Waimea Redemption
https://youtu.be/qVGKCx02CDs

Good Morning Waimea 15MAY2012
https://youtu.be/4eGbyEcWfoI

14-way Hybrid -- Skydive Hawaii
https://youtu.be/Kw37Cu_KGXQ

Good Morning Skydive Hawaii
https://youtu.be/fBtzL1J0l2A

Swoop Traffic Incident
https://youtu.be/dJe1lfQTjGw

No Plan Freefly
https://youtu.be/-HN-kdtZiVY

